LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered, effective this
date, by and between University of Southern California, and the
individual executing this Agreement below as "Licensee" (hereinafter,
the "Licensee").

WHEREAS, USC has developed the RST Annotation Tool and related
documentation (the "Software"); and

WHEREAS, Licensee desires, and USC is willing to grant to Licensee, a
license to use the Software in accordance with this Agreement;

NOW, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants
hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties agree as follows:

1. USC hereby grants Licensee a royalty-free, non-exclusive,
non-transferable right to use the Software as follows solely for a
Non-Commercial Purpose:

    (a) Licensee may prepare derivative works (the "Derivative Works")
    which are based on or incorporate all or part of the Software,
    including, without limitation, works (the "Adaptations") which

        (i) are translations of all or part of the Software into
        different programming languages, or (ii) are revisions,
        improvements or corrections to all or part of the Software,
        provided that, Licensee shall treat all Derivative Works as
        Software under this Agreement; and

    (b) Licensee may make only such copies of the Software as are
    necessary for Licensee's development of the Derivative Works.

2. All copies of the Software and Derivative Works prepared in
accordance with paragraph 1 shall retain the copyright notice
appearing in the Software. If the Software includes computer programs
in object code form, Licensee shall not de-compile, reverse engineer
or disassemble such programs.

3. As used in this Agreement, "Non-Commercial Purpose" means use of
the Software and Derivative Works solely for education or
research. "Non-Commercial Purpose" excludes, without limitation, any
use of the Software or Derivative Works for, as part of, or in any way
in connection with a product (including software) or service which is
sold, offered for sale, licensed, leased, loaned or rented.

4. Licensee hereby grants USC a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully
paid-up, worldwide, perpetual license to:

    (a) Reproduce, prepare derivative works based on and distribute
    all or part of the Adaptations; and

    (b) Make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, license or import
    any products (including software) or services under any
    intellectual property rights owned or licensed by Licensee which
    relate to

        (i) all or part of the Adaptations (including as executed by a
        CPU), or (ii) methods or concepts embodied in, or implemented
        through the execution by a CPU of, the Adaptations. If the
        Software includes documentation that identifies a contact
        person at USC, Licensee shall provide such person with
        feedback concerning Licensee's Adaptations and, if requested
        by USC, provide such person with source code copies of
        Licensee's Adaptations.

5. This Agreement is personal between USC and Licensee. No ownership
interest in the Software (or the copy of which is provided by USC
pursuant to paragraph 1) is transferred to Licensee. Licensee's
interest in the Derivative Works is limited solely to Licensee's
additions and the Derivative Works are subject in their entirety to
USC's intellectual property rights. USC may assign or transfer to any
company or person, or grant to any company or person a license or
sublicense under, all or part of its interest in any rights to the
Software, this Agreement, or any license granted to USC
hereunder. Licensee may not assign, transfer or sublicense Licensee's
rights hereunder without the written consent of USC.

6. USC may terminate this Agreement at any time by sending written
notice of termination to Licensee at the address specified
below. Termination shall be effective as provided in the
notice. Unless the notice shall provide otherwise, upon termination,
Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Software and Derivative
Works. Licensee's obligations under this Agreement, including any
rights granted to USC pursuant to paragraph 5, shall survive and
continue after termination.

7. Licensee shall not, directly or indirectly, export the Software or
any Derivative Work to any country to which such export is prohibited
by law.

8. Licensee agrees to comply with all export laws and restrictions and
regulations of the United States or foreign agencies or authorities,
and not to export or re-export the Software or any direct product
thereof in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations, or
without all necessary approvals. Neither the Software nor the
underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise
exported or re-exported

    (i) into Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria,
    Taliban-controlled portions of Afghanistan or any other country
    subject to U.S. trade sanctions covering the Software, to
    individuals or entities controlled by such countries, or to
    nationals or residents of such countries other than nationals who
    are citizens or lawfully admitted permanent residents of the
    United States and not currently domiciled in countries subject to
    such sanctions; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
    Department´s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
    Persons or the U.S. Commerce Department´s Table of Denial
    Orders. By downloading or using the Software, Licensee agrees to
    the foregoing and represents and warrants that it complies with
    these conditions.

9. USC has no obligation to support or maintain the Software and
grants Licensee this right to use the Software "AS IS". LICENSEE
ASSUMES TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR LICENSEE'S USE OF THE
SOFTWARE. USC DOES NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THE
WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL USC BE
LIABLE FOR

    (a) ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
    WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS
    INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE)
    ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN
    IF USC OR ANY OF ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAS BEEN ADVISED
    OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,

    (b) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER
    INACCURACIES IN THE SOFTWARE, OR

    (c) ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

10. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, USA, applicable to
agreements made and to be performed wholly therein without regard to
its conflicts of law rules. Any cause of action or claim Licensee may
have with respect to the Software must be brought within one (1) year
after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of
action is barred. USC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict
performance of any provision of this Agreement is not a waiver of any
provision or right.

11. If a dispute arises out of, or relates to, this Agreement or the
subject matter of this Agreement, either party may submit the dispute
to a sole mediator selected by the parties or, at any time prior to
selection of a sole mediator, to mediation by the American Arbitration
Association ("AAA"). If not thus resolved, it shall be referred to a
sole arbitrator selected by the parties or to the AAA for
arbitration. The arbitration shall be governed by the United States
Arbitration Act, shall be conducted in the County of Los Angeles,
California, USA, and judgment on the award may be entered by any court
having jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall not limit, expand or modify
the terms of the Agreement nor award damages in excess of compensatory
damages, and each party waives any claim to excess damages. A request
by a party to a court for interim protection shall not affect either
party's obligation hereunder to mediate and arbitrate. Each party
shall bear its own expenses and an equal share of all cost and fees of
the mediation and/or arbitration. Any arbitrator selected shall be
competent in the legal and technical aspects of the subject matter of
this Agreement. The content and result of mediation and/or arbitration
shall be held in confidence by all participants.
